Bump version to v1.0.6 (#27)
cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.0.6] - 2020-07-01

### Added

> - Plugin support authenticating with access token provided by authn-k8s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plugin supports authenticating with Conjur access token (for example, if provided by authn-k8s).
```

Author: Suggestion committed 👍

- Added support to configure the use of the plugin via environment variables

> [Unreleased]: https://github.com/cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection/compare/v1.0.5...HEAD

Reviewer 2: I think this needs to be:
```
[Unreleased]: https://github.com/cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection/compare/v1.0.6...HEAD
```

Author: Updated release number there 👍
